README.md, before:

# Lucene Assignment 1 
How to run the program ?  
java -jar target/Assignment1-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar

### Arguments : 
-INDEX_DIRECTORY Index/ -queryPath Corpus/cran.qry -datasetPath Corpus/cran.all.1400 -MAX_RESULTS 30  -resultPath Corpus/results.txt -Similarity 2 -Analyzer 2

INDEX_DIRECTORY - Directory of where the index will be located. 
queryPath - Path to the query. For eg: Corpus/cran.qry
datasetPath - Path to the Cranfield dataset. Eg. Corpus/cran.all.1400
MAX_RESULTS - The number of results in that the IR system outputs for each query
resultPath - Where the results.txt file will be created
Similarity - The similarity that should be use.  
                Similarities avaialble are : 1) BM25Similarity
                2) ClassicSimilarity
                3) BooleanSimilarity
Analyzer - The Analyzer that can be used : 
            1) EnglishAnalyzer
            2)StandardAnalyzer
            3)CustomAnalyzer
            4)SimpleAnalyzer
            5)WhitespaceAnalyzer
            
# Running trec Eval : 

Command can be run from the project root directory :  
./Corpus/trec_eval/trec_eval-9.0.7/trec_eval Corpus/QRelsCorrectedforTRECeval
 Corpus/results.txt

Commit message:

Added some info about trec eval in the read me

README.md, after:

# Lucene Assignment 1 
The program can be run using the following command in the Project root :  
java -jar target/Assignment1-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar

### Arguments : 
-INDEX_DIRECTORY Index/ -queryPath Corpus/cran.qry -datasetPath Corpus/cran.all.1400 -MAX_RESULTS 30  -resultPath Corpus/results.txt -Similarity 2 -Analyzer 2  


### The Arguments are : 
**INDEX_DIRECTORY** - Directory of where the index will be located.   
**queryPath** - Path to the query. For eg: Corpus/cran.qry  
**datasetPath** - Path to the Cranfield dataset. Eg. Corpus/cran.all.1400  
**MAX_RESULTS** - The number of results that the IR system outputs for each query  
**resultPath** - Where the results.txt file will be created.  

**Similarity - The similarities that can be used**  
                Similarities available are :  
                Option 1) BM25Similarity  
                Option 2) ClassicSimilarity  
                Option 3) BooleanSimilarity  
                
**Analyzer - The Analyzer that can be used :**   
            1) EnglishAnalyzer  
            2)StandardAnalyzer  
            3)CustomAnalyzer  
            4)SimpleAnalyzer  
            5)WhitespaceAnalyzer  
            
# Running trec Eval : 

The trec eval function is located here /home/ubuntu/LuceneAssignment/Corpus/trec_eval/trec_eval-9.0.7

Command can be run from the project root directory :  
./Corpus/trec_eval/trec_eval-9.0.7/trec_eval Corpus/QRelsCorrectedforTRECeval
 Corpus/results.txt
